README.md, before:

# <p align="center"><img src="https://readme-typing-svg.herokuapp.com?font=SF+Pro+Display&weight=600&size=40&duration=3000&pause=1000&color=FFFFFF&center=true&vCenter=true&width=600&lines=Peter+Marku%C5%A1ka;PHP+%2F+Laravel+Expert;Full-Stack+Web+Developer;Minimalist+at+Heart" alt="Typing SVG" /></p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/petermarkuska" target="_blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=flat-square&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" alt="LinkedIn" /></a>
  <a href="mailto:markus48@gmail.com"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-D14836?style=flat-square&logo=gmail&logoColor=white" alt="Email" /></a>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Based-Prague%20%2F%20Brandýs-grey?style=flat-square" alt="Location" />
</p>

---

### **Engineering with context.**
I am a Full-Stack Developer with **20+ years of experience**, specializing in the **PHP ecosystem**. I build robust, scalable backends (Laravel, Nette) and blend them with modern, AI-integrated frontends. My goal is to create high-performance web applications where clean code meets thoughtful UX.

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/PHP-Expert-black?style=for-the-badge" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Laravel-Architect-black?style=for-the-badge" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/UX-Driven-black?style=for-the-badge" />
</p>

> *"A great application is one that empowers the user to achieve their goal with absolute minimal effort."*

---

### 🏛️ Digital Craftsmanship

#### ☁️ [weather](https://github.com/darangonaut/weather)
> **The Essence:** AI-powered weather assistant with personalized personas.
> **The Tech:** Next.js 16 • Gemini 3 • TypeScript • TailwindCSS

#### ✅ [DoneList](https://github.com/darangonaut/DoneList)
> **The Essence:** Apple-inspired PWA focused on daily achievements.
> **The Tech:** React • Firebase • Framer Motion • Gemini AI integration

#### 🍎 [Cupertino.css](https://github.com/darangonaut/Cupertino.css)
> **The Essence:** A classless framework for developers who love Apple’s aesthetic.
> **The Tech:** Clean CSS • Semantic HTML

#### 🕹️ [Retro90s.css](https://github.com/darangonaut/Retro90s.css)
> **The Essence:** Nostalgic framework bringing back the soul of the early web.
> **The Tech:** CSS • Marquee • Blink

---

### 🛠️ Technical Ecosystem

**Core Expertise**  
`PHP 8.x` `Laravel` `Nette` `MySQL / PostgreSQL` `JavaScript (ES6+)`

**Frontend & Modern Stack**  
`React` `Next.js` `Vue.js` `TailwindCSS` `Firebase` `PWA`

**The Workflow**  
`Doctrine ORM` `Git` `Vite` `PHPUnit` `Clean Code` `AI Integration`

---

### 🎵 Flow State
<a href="https://music.apple.com/cz/playlist/metallic-dreams/pl.u-Zmbllp1C90vv1o" target="_blank">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Listening_to-Metallic_Dreams-FB233B?style=flat-square&logo=apple-music&logoColor=white" alt="Apple Music" />
</a>

<p align="right">
  <i>"Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication."</i>
</p>

Commit message:

Add project description for The Zen Terminal to README.md

README.md, after:

# <p align="center"><img src="https://readme-typing-svg.herokuapp.com?font=SF+Pro+Display&weight=600&size=40&duration=3000&pause=1000&color=FFFFFF&center=true&vCenter=true&width=600&lines=Peter+Marku%C5%A1ka;PHP+%2F+Laravel+Expert;Full-Stack+Web+Developer;Minimalist+at+Heart" alt="Typing SVG" /></p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/petermarkuska" target="_blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=flat-square&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" alt="LinkedIn" /></a>
  <a href="mailto:markus48@gmail.com"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-D14836?style=flat-square&logo=gmail&logoColor=white" alt="Email" /></a>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Based-Prague%20%2F%20Brandýs-grey?style=flat-square" alt="Location" />
</p>

---

### **Engineering with context.**
I am a Full-Stack Developer with **20+ years of experience**, specializing in the **PHP ecosystem**. I build robust, scalable backends (Laravel, Nette) and blend them with modern, AI-integrated frontends. My goal is to create high-performance web applications where clean code meets thoughtful UX.

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/PHP-Expert-black?style=for-the-badge" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Laravel-Architect-black?style=for-the-badge" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/UX-Driven-black?style=for-the-badge" />
</p>

> *"A great application is one that empowers the user to achieve their goal with absolute minimal effort."*

---

### 🏛️ Digital Craftsmanship

#### ☁️ [weather](https://github.com/darangonaut/weather)
> **The Essence:** AI-powered weather assistant with personalized personas.
> **The Tech:** Next.js 16 • Gemini 3 • TypeScript • TailwindCSS

#### ✅ [DoneList](https://github.com/darangonaut/DoneList)
> **The Essence:** Apple-inspired PWA focused on daily achievements.
> **The Tech:** React • Firebase • Framer Motion • Gemini AI integration

#### 🖥️ [The Zen Terminal](https://github.com/darangonaut/The-Zen-Terminal)
> **The Essence:** Minimalist retro-style task manager (PWA) designed for deep work.
> **The Tech:** JavaScript • xterm.js • Firebase • CRT Effects

#### 🍎 [Cupertino.css](https://github.com/darangonaut/Cupertino.css)
> **The Essence:** A classless framework for developers who love Apple’s aesthetic.
> **The Tech:** Clean CSS • Semantic HTML

#### 🕹️ [Retro90s.css](https://github.com/darangonaut/Retro90s.css)
> **The Essence:** Nostalgic framework bringing back the soul of the early web.
> **The Tech:** CSS • Marquee • Blink

---

### 🛠️ Technical Ecosystem

**Core Expertise**  
`PHP 8.x` `Laravel` `Nette` `MySQL / PostgreSQL` `JavaScript (ES6+)`

**Frontend & Modern Stack**  
`React` `Next.js` `Vue.js` `TailwindCSS` `Firebase` `PWA`

**The Workflow**  
`Doctrine ORM` `Git` `Vite` `PHPUnit` `Clean Code` `AI Integration`

---

### 🎵 Flow State
<a href="https://music.apple.com/cz/playlist/metallic-dreams/pl.u-Zmbllp1C90vv1o" target="_blank">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Listening_to-Metallic_Dreams-FB233B?style=flat-square&logo=apple-music&logoColor=white" alt="Apple Music" />
</a>

<p align="right">
  <i>"Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication."</i>
</p>
